I love it though
I love it though, y'know?

Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sinsation
I know I’m preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation

May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us
In that magic hour I seen good Christians
Make rash decisions, oh she do it
What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it
She putting on her make up, she casually allure
Text message break ups, the casualty of tour
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it’s rubbing off
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron
I’m looking at her like this what you really wanted, huh?
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime

Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sinsation
I know I’m preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but she done learned a lot from Satan
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation

When the sun go down it's the magic hour
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies
You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?
Don’t leave while you're hot that’s how Mase screwed up
Throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat
You see I always loved that sense of humor
But tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme
That's "Dior Homme", not "Dior, homie"
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?
You love me for me? Could you be more phony?

Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sinsation
Haven’t said a word to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?

