Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
Hope you're doin' your thing too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up by drinkin' at the communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem
Damn I forgot to call her, shit I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry?

Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?

I couldn't tell you how old your daughter was
Couldn't tell you how old your son is
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg
Plus I already got one kid
Maybe 15 minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Merry Christmas, then I'm finished, then it's back to business
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit?
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
To be honest, dawg, I ain't feelin' your energy

Lookin' for all my real friends
How many of us? How many of us are real friends
To real friends, 'til the reel end
'Til the wheels fall off, 'til the wheels don't spin
To 3 A.M., callin'
How many real friends?
Just to ask you a question
Just to see how you was feelin'
How many?
For the last you was frontin'
I hate when a nigga text you like, "What's up, fam? Hope you good"
You say, "I'm good, I'm great," the next text they ask you for somethin'
How many?
I had a cousin that stole my laptop that I was fuckin' bitches on
Paid that nigga 250 thousand just to get it from him
Real friends
Huh?

Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
