Baby lion goes
Where the islands go

You say you never saw this comin', well you're not alone
Million dollar renovations to a happy home
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life
I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
I wake up, assessin' the damages
Checkin' MediaTakeOut
Pictures of me drunk walkin' out with a bitch
But it's blurry enough to get the fake out
I wake up, all veggies no eggs
I hit the gym, all chest no legs
Yep, then I made myself a smoothie
Yeah, then me and wifey make a movie
Chicago - St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
Ándale ándale E.I, E.I, uh-oh
You had me drivin' far enough to switch the time zone
You was the best of all time at the time though
Yeah, you wasn't mine though

But I still drove 30 hours
And I, I still drove 30 hours to you

I remember rappin' for Jay and Cam
Young producer just trying to get his flows off
I remember being nervous to do Victoria's Secret
'Til I pictured everybody with they clothes off
Expedition was Eddie Bauer edition
I'm drivin' with no winter tires in December
Skrrt skrrt skrrt like a private school for women
Then I get there and all the Popeye's is finished, girl
You don't love me, you just pretendin'
I need a happy beginnin', middle and endin'
Chicago, St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
It's gettin' hot in here, that's all that I know
Got a hotel room, 3 stars for you
You call down for an omelet
Girl it's 5 in the morning
You realize we at the DoubleTree, not the Aria
Only thing open is Waffle House, girl don't start with me
I used the Western Union for you like it's no prob
'Cause you was in college complainin' about it's no jobs
But you were suckin' a nigga dick the whole time
Well I guess a blowjob's better than no job

And I drove back 30 hours

Were remains that long to lose sad
Better unsaid
Always turn, oh

3 Stacks, can you help me out?
Yeah, this type of shit you just ride out to
I just be like, it was my idea to have an open relationship
Now a nigga mad
Now I'm 'bout to drive 90 miles like Matt Barnes to kill...
Just to kill..
Just to...
Just to...
I'm about to drive 90
90 miles like Matt Barnes just to whoop a nigga ass
It was my idea and now a nigga (30 hours)
Now a nigga mad, now a nigga, uh
A stunna
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh
Duh-duh with you, yeah
You know what I'm sayin'? Drop some shit like that
Ay, Ay woop him after school just to
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Uh, 3 Stacks
Just ride out to that
Check it out: this the bonus track, this the bonus
My favorite albums used to have like bonus joints like this
That's why they kick it off like this
Just did that Madison Square Garden
Had to put the flyest nigga on this shit
The pyramids shall rise
Look at these ultralight beams flowin'
For all the moms, the dads, the kids, the families that shared this moment with us
Let's rock out for 'bout
You know, ay you know
Ay, you know, ay, you know
Whole design team, Yeezy team, music team
Remember when the whole block'd get shout out?
This my version of a shout-out track
Let that mothafucka rock, let that, let that, yeah
To my brother Yasiin, holding it down in Africa
To my family: thank you for holding me down
The media be acting like
That's Gabe calling
Yo Gabe
I'm just doing a... I'm just doing an adlib track right now
What's up?
